huge goals break down to big tasks
big tasks break down into smaller todos
[no reason to have three levels; could be N levels and give them alpha, bravo, 
 charlie -level task names]
 
daily mastery tasks become recurring, scheduled todos

calendar events are basically scheduled todos
calendar events could hook to bigger life-goals, like 'stay tuned in to local
 music scene'
 
random what-to-do-right-now events (go climb camelback or eat some Cornish
 Pasty) are also simple, repeatable todos; events
 
So...

Event is the core of the system.
  Event is a todo task, something on the calendar, your daily practice, a one-
    off thing picked at random for when you're bored.
    
EventTree is a cascading parent/child tree of events
    [ed. need an xref to associate one event with multiple parents]
    
Calendar is a list of scheduled events.


Scheduler will spread your stated toodoos around your day, week, month, year to 
  make sure you give time to each based on priority and equinimity (is that the
  right word?).  Point being, it will build your calendar with upcoming events
  and then squeeze daily/weekly events in between work and dates and conferences.
  
Tracker will see how well you do at getting your stuff done.

Nagger will let you know when you're missing stuff.  It will ask you if this is
  really a priority anymore; maybe it's something you should drop if you're just 
  going to reschedule it every time it comes up.
  
Omaha for when you have to call an audible; finds alternatives when your plans 
  fall through.
  
Rando gives you a thing to do when you've got nothing.  Gets its list from a 
  pool,and/or from a list of stuff you've said you'd like to do sometime.




My elevator pitch for 'whats going on' app from 2015...
 "What's going on is an app that tells you exactly that.  Events, activities, 
 venues are entered into the app's database by a community of users.  When you 
 want to know what's going on, the app can show you a map of nearby fun, or it 
 can show you a calendar of events based on the current time and date.  Events, 
 activities and venues include metadata, so that as the app grows larger than 
 your particular tribe, your what's going on report will not be clouded with a 
 bunch of junk you don't care about.  Of course, you can see everything, but 
 things closest to your heart will display with priority."
 
